[Autogenerated] getting scaffold installed is just a ZZ as getting the
composed tool installed that we saw earlier in the course.
So let's walk through that process on Mac, Linux and Windows.
So first off, if you go to scaffold dot dev,
you can click on Get Scaffold,
and from here they provide a really nice and easy way to find
the target operating system and the instructions on how to get
it going on that operating system.
You'll notice we have Linux macOS windows and you can even run docker.
You want to use this now for Linux, you can run this cruel command,
and then that's followed up by a pseudo command.
And on Mac, you kind of have that option as well.
You could do brew install.
I prefer homebrew.
Maybe use Mac ports.
That's an option.
But if you scroll on down, you'll see we can also do the Linux type approach,
where we could do a cruel command and then a pseudo command.
So I kind of let you choose what you want to do now for me.
I do use homebrew a lot, and whenever that's an option, I typically go with it.
But of course, everybody does a little bit differently.
But let me show you that process coming into a command prompt I can.
Just add that particular command brew install scaffold.
Now, this would assume that you have homebrew installed.
Of course,
you get more information from the home Bruce site if you're interested.
But if you don't have Homebrew or Mac ports, feel free to do the cruel cmdlet.
Now, I already run this, so it should be pretty quick,
but this will now go out and stall scaffold.
Now that's all we have to do now from here.
If I type scaffold,
you'll notice I get a bunch of commands and the main commands.
We're gonna look at our right here.
We're going to see Run and Dev, and then we'll also look at in it.
But you could see they have quite a few commands that
you can run through if you'd like.
Now let's switch over to the windows side.
So on windows, we do a very similar processes far as going to the web page,
click on get and then switch it over to windows.
Now,
if you use chocolatey or if you use wind get or some of the
other options available with Windows.
You could do that, but you can also just download the binary directly.
And then once you've done that, you need to add it to your path.
So I'll go ahead and download it.
We'll go ahead and keep it.
And now that's downloaded.
We can.
Go ahead and go to the folder, and I'm just going to rename it to Scaffold.
And then I'm gonna add it to a Tools folder,
and this is gonna look familiar from the previous
section where I talked about Composed.
So let's go down into my tools and there's are composed.
I'll add it here now.
I've already added it to my path because I did that
with Composer earlier in the course.
Now, since it's already in my path, I'm gonna open up a command prompt here,
and we'll go ahead and type scaffold, and there we do.
We get the same exact behavior on Windows on Mac,
or it would be very similar on Linux as well.
So that's how easy it is to get installed.
It's almost identical to what we did with the composed tool.
A lot of tools were like this, So now that we've seen that.
Let's go ahead and move forward,
and we'll take a look at how we can actually run some of these different scaffold commands.